update template. (#279)
ASUS-AICS/LibMultiLabel: .github/pull_request_template.md

  - (Copy and paste the last outputted line here.)
- [ ] Not Applicable (i.e., the PR does not include API changes.)

## Check API Document
- [ ] API document is updated ([linear](https://www.csie.ntu.edu.tw/~cjlin/libmultilabel/api/linear.html), [nn](https://www.csie.ntu.edu.tw/~cjlin/libmultilabel/api/nn.html))
- [ ] Not Applicable (i.e., the PR does not include API changes.)

## Test quickstart & API if modified (`bash tests/docs/test_changed_document.sh`)

> If any APIs in the document is modified. Please make sure to run this test after the APIs are realeased.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any API in the document is modified, please run this test after the APIs are released.
```
